# CS-330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization-OpenGL-3D-Scene

The design skills that learn from OpenGL helped me craft a enclosed 3d space featuring a table with a cake, cake cutter, phone, and plates. The room also has a door and end table with a lamp. There are two sources of light featured in this scene. One light source from the window and the other from the lamp on the far side of the wall. The textures were royalty free seamless textures pulled from various sources online. I primarily focuses on square images larger than 1000 x 1000 for the best results. The deisgn process I followed was to keep my code well commented as more abstract object designs like the lamp for example can added up in smaller objects quickly. Haing a well commented code helps to navigate the code much quicker when looking to make adjustments. The design process I learn from this crouse was utilizing vertexs and phong lighting to create an 3d scene. The most I gained from this course was a good understanding of how a x,y,z 3d environment works. 

New development strategies I learned while working on my 3d scene is how to create comment lines better that pops out more than just the standard "//". Like the use of /******/ in code to create seperation lines. Another developement stratedy I learned was also duplicating objects and reusing code. I duplicated all the legs for the tables since they were the same size and length. This allowed for me to create the objects at a much more efficient rate than retyping everything out and remeasuring. Iteration was a major factor in my developement. Majority of the code was small adjustments, running the program, more adjustment, rinse and repeat for desired results. My approach to developing code has change throughout this course. As the code expanded with each line I created, the better I needed to sort and organize my code in a way that can be easily read by another person with no knowledge of my code. 

Computaional graphics and visualizations has given me an insight in the world of 3d designing. I have an interest in game design and this knowledge will aid in future games designs as I progess my skills in this field. The skills I have gained from this class are learning in a 3d space, vertices, xyz coordinates, blending colors, textures, lighting, and collision. All of these skills helped me create this scene. I hope you enjoy it.
